what else can you say but it's time for
some football and we're just minutes
away from the opening kickoff will now
go to Tom Hammond and Cris Collinsworth
for our call guys we couldn't have asked
for a better day for footballs begin
ready for today's game welcome everyone
Tom Hammond and Chris Collinsworth here
with a call we're just about ready for
the opening kickoff let's take it down
to the field
here's the opening kick he'll return it
from the six and he gets brought down
hard and we'll see how their offense has
prepared for this matchup as they come
onto the field for the first time
they'll take over at the 35 first down
tend to go give to the tailback and he
makes it out to about the 37 yard line
Jones aims about two yards on the run
it's second down and eight to go
ball on the 37 yard line he's dropped at
the 37 no gain and that makes it third
down
third and eight ball on their own 37
Oakland brings in the nickel here
gets the throwaway he's brought down
around the 49-yard line and this
receiver just loves it when the defense
is in man covering
yeah there's no better feeling than when
you're coming off the ball and you know
it's just you and the guy across from
you that's just good old-fashioned
football but you also know typically
when you get man coverage your
quarterback is under pressure handoff to
the right hip hard at the 47 yard line
and Luke assists the offensive line just
flaps left and it looked like this
defensive line just beat them off the
snap sometimes those guys can timeout
the quarterbacks cadence and if the
quarterback doesn't start changing that
snap count his offensive lines going to
really struggle
he gets to about the 31-yard line fisted
outside picked up enough to convert for
the first that's a pretty play isn't it
anytime you get that pitch to the
outside the running back catches it and
stride he finds a nice hole pick up the
first down always like watching that
play first down looking to throw passes
tipped away Hester is the intended
receiver but the pass fell incomplete
second down ten yards to go
ball on the 31 Chuck gun formation he
drops back to pass surveys the field put
the catch he's tackled at the 22 nothing
wrong with that pass that goes for a
good game go and when you talk to some
of these receivers they say the real
strength of this quarterback is that he
throws a very very catchable ball
there's a play fake on the run he throws
it and he's out at about the 11th a good
play fake that time it really was I
didn't see it I thought it was a run
play he pulled it out of there and came
up with a nice game he looks to throw on
first down makes the short row he's
brought down at the 8th for pattern
results in a completion for the often
you know that's not one of those plays
that's a huge game by any means but
that's really the essence of an
offensive game plan you have to start
hitting some of those short intermediate
routes and that begins to open
everything else up nice play call on
that one to get the ball in the
receivers hand
well this quarterback isn't always
perfect but when he gets high he can
make throws like that into small spots
that are so impressive
lining up for the point after extra
point is good here's a quick look at the
drive summary
the kick
taken from the free art line it k-means
Stewart scootin
they merely gave that ball away that was
close you can almost feel the air being
sucked out of a stadium whenever a ball
hits the ground on special teams
everybody goes they line up at the 26
single back formation they're gonna
pitch it
he's dropped at the 34 a nice 7-yard to
us played to the halfback use all of the
field when passing make sure the defense
can't just sit there on any particular
route drops back short throw to the
right he's tackled at the 34 yard line
just barely past the line of scrimmage
that'll make it third down passing the
ball seems like a good way to pick up
the first here Oakland comes out with
three receivers in the shotgun he
scrambles around scrambles for yard he
brought down at the 38 and it looks like
he just barely got the FIR yeah it's
almost like he knew exactly where that
first down marker was and just got
enough for the first down
Russell lines up under center high
formation this time he drops back to
pass throws it short and he caught it he
makes a great open field tackle the
defense was right there for the stop of
the play not much of a gain at all now
let's give a little credit to the
coaching staff on that play you talk all
the time about film study and
preparation and knowing what the other
team is trying to do to you that time
the defense was all over
he lost yardage on the play a great
defensive effort there did you see how
fast that linebacker was I'm now and not
only did he recognize it but when he did
recognize it
he had the explosiveness to get there
from the gun
he drops back looks down the field
he throws right Andy's depleted at the
44 yard line and Beslan was completed
for a solid game solid game yes but no
first down on that play so now it's
going to bring up a decision on the part
of the offense defensively I think they
execute